Fighting their way through a horde of panicked people, our group manage to kill
several of the reanimated medical crew before another distress call have them
running to the bar on Deck 3.

_The following text is a recap of the event through Father O'Shaugnessy's eyes_

Pardon me oh my Lord, for I didn't advance your ways very far today.

As I was still standing with Kirkman near the late crew members, we could hear
our friends still shouting about the crowd running towards them.

And these scared sheep were legitimately frightened: the three things that
followed them seemed more menacing with each step, their arms stretched and
their grunts getting louder. The wigged rock star tried to block those poor
people to protect him from the creatures, but thank goodness Melissa cared about
their fate.

She directed them towards our side of the corridor, trying to get them to a safe
place; but God knows how hard it is to convince someone fueled with fear to take
the right step. I was thankfully able to persuade them to go in the direction we
arrived from, which sadly is the safest place we currently know on this boat...

Once the crowd was dealt with, we remembered the source of their fear: the
things were getting closer, moaning and trying to reach the rock star and
Melissa with their arms and jaws! And these were not the only ones, some of the
lost souls that Kirkman, Ian and me helped reach God visibly didn't go all the
way to Heavens: two dead bodies slowly raised from the floor, still bloody and
missing some limbs, but seemingly determined to replace theirs with ours...

Kirkman immediately fired shots, but in the rush of the moment wasn't able to
aim these things' heads. Thanks to his training on mountain bears, Ian had an
easier time targeting these: after a few outstanding shots, he had killed
(hopefully this time for good) the two creatures and we were rushing back to our
friends. And although some noise was coming from the nursery, they needed our
help: Melissa was struggling with her gun, feverishly shooting at anything
around her without much aim. We can thank the Lord that the bullets all went
through walls or in the chandeliers rather than in our faces!

Fortunately, between Br√∂kken, Ian and Kirkman, the situation was quickly
resolved (what an euphemism for bringing those fools to God! But only Him can
save them now).

We urged back to the nursery from which the moans were escaping, and realized
some of the medical team looked less like healers than like walking illnesses.

I quickly reached to my Walkie-Talkie, screaming for help in the mic before
going close to the nursery. Someone answered "We're on the way!", but we had to
handle the menacing creatures ourselves: once again Ian's aim was key in saving
the day.

The nursery contained a few interesting items: I found a first-aid kit which
I filled with bandages, various medicaments, scalpels, and some flasks which
Melissa wanted to take blood samples from the several corpses that surrounded
us. She also had the wit to ask the arriving security guards what was the
situation in the upper floors, which none of us thought after such a hectic
scene...

But the news were not good. The guards told us that the trail of blood we saw in
the hallway continued further away, and that one elevator had been found bloody
but empty, as if a violent fight happened and the protagonists had disappeared
after leaving most of their blood on the walls!

And that was not all, as we heard from their Walkie-talkies voices calling for
help in the bar room of the higher levels. We rushed to the bars, and arrived in
a surrealistic scene: a handful of passengers were struggling to keep more of
those things out of reach...

